c:\users\héctoredgar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNubiaV0.1\ProyectoNubiaV0.1\bin\Debug\ProyectoNubiaV0.1.exe.config
c:\users\héctoredgar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNubiaV0.1\ProyectoNubiaV0.1\bin\Debug\ProyectoNubiaV0.1.exe
c:\users\héctoredgar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNubiaV0.1\ProyectoNubiaV0.1\bin\Debug\ProyectoNubiaV0.1.pdb
c:\users\héctoredgar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNubiaV0.1\ProyectoNubiaV0.1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\héctoredgar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNubiaV0.1\ProyectoNubiaV0.1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\héctoredgar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNubiaV0.1\ProyectoNubiaV0.1\obj\Debug\ProyectoNubiaV0._1.Loggin.resources
c:\users\héctoredgar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNubiaV0.1\ProyectoNubiaV0.1\obj\Debug\ProyectoNubiaV0._1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\héctoredgar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNubiaV0.1\ProyectoNubiaV0.1\obj\Debug\ProyectoNubiaV0.1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\héctoredgar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNubiaV0.1\ProyectoNubiaV0.1\obj\Debug\ProyectoNubiaV0.1.exe
c:\users\héctoredgar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNubiaV0.1\ProyectoNubiaV0.1\obj\Debug\ProyectoNubiaV0.1.pdb
C:\Users\HéctorEdgar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNubiaV0.1\ProyectoNubiaV0.1\obj\Debug\ProyectoNubiaV0._1.MenuPrincipal.resources
C:\Users\HéctorEdgar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNubiaV0.1\ProyectoNubiaV0.1\obj\Debug\ProyectoNubiaV0._1.AbcHorarioHorasGimnasio.resources
C:\Users\HéctorEdgar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNubiaV0.1\ProyectoNubiaV0.1\obj\Debug\ProyectoNubiaV0._1.Formularios.MenuPrincipalAbc.resources
C:\Users\HéctorEdgar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNubiaV0.1\ProyectoNubiaV0.1\obj\Debug\ProyectoNubiaV0._1.Formularios.TomaAsistencia.resources
C:\Users\HéctorEdgar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNubiaV0.1\ProyectoNubiaV0.1\obj\Debug\ProyectoNubiaV0._1.Formularios.AbcAsistencia.resources
C:\Users\HéctorEdgar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNubiaV0.1\ProyectoNubiaV0.1\bin\Debug\ProyectoNubiaV0.1.exe.manifest
C:\Users\HéctorEdgar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNubiaV0.1\ProyectoNubiaV0.1\bin\Debug\ProyectoNubiaV0.1.application
C:\Users\HéctorEdgar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNubiaV0.1\ProyectoNubiaV0.1\obj\Debug\ProyectoNubiaV0.1.exe.manifest
C:\Users\HéctorEdgar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNubiaV0.1\ProyectoNubiaV0.1\obj\Debug\ProyectoNubiaV0.1.application
C:\Users\HéctorEdgar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNubiaV0.1\ProyectoNubiaV0.1\obj\Debug\ProyectoNubiaV0.1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\HéctorEdgar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNubiaV0.1\ProyectoNubiaV0.1\obj\Debug\ProyectoNubiaV0.1.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\HéctorEdgar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNubiaV0.1\ProyectoNubiaV0.1\obj\Debug\ProyectoNubiaV0._1.Formularios.Reportes.resources
